So let's talk about group,
which is similar to peer.
The big difference is peer is siblings,
group is descendants, right?
And so lets you do an entire all,
any child of that element can also
then have a variant, and
you can do stuff like hover.
So it's like, okay,
we have a card, and I hover.
I want a bunch of stuff to change color,
right, cool.
You can do all of that and not worry about
them hovering over the correct part or
something along those lines.
And more importantly, not have to use
JavaScript event listeners that you
have to worry about cleaning up to like,
okay, so if it bubbles up and
then go apply the styles back down,
you get it for free with CSS.
So yeah, in this case, you can see,
if we look at the markup here,
I'll just show you what happens first.
Anywhere over this, I would get some
highlighting and some underline.
And then this delete,
it doesn't do anything.
But a button to show up and different
things that happen as we go through,
that will happen with the group.
Let's look at that syntax real quick.
I'll just open it up.
I'm gonna hit my Open button, cool.
And it's the same basic idea.
On the kind of top level one that
we care about, in this case,
it's gonna be the li, we say group,
and then we say group-hover.
Whatever it happens to be,
any of the variants, and
if you ever are curious which ones
you can do, you can just type.
And there's a lot of really
powerful ones in here.
The other one that I kind
of just learned about, for
a lot of the solutions,
I'm using the detailed summary.
A little open close, and
that'll actually respond to,
it has the variant slash
the selector open.
So you can style it differently
on whether or not it's open or
closed on top of the actual,
no longer use state is open, is closed.
You actually just do it with regular DOM,
and you can change the styles and
everything based on that.
Everything that you can do with a variant,
you can also do with a group or
a peer, right?
Like I said before,
the only thing with peer is that
it's only gonna be future siblings,
right, younger siblings effectively,
not the ones that came before.
But you can do lots of
interesting stuff here.
You could theoretically
take the open close and
hide the thing that is opening and
closing, right?
I've done that before when I
wanna have a hidden checkbox,
right, or something along
those lines that then create.
If I wanna have interactivity with no
JavaScript involved, there's a lot you
can do with a lot of these tools and
just not have JavaScript at all.
And just do it purely with the DOM and
CSS, which is awesome.
And this one is actually
super important as well.
That's data attribute, right?
You can actually kind of say, if one
of those has a certain data attribute,
then its children might get a certain
style or something along those lines.
And you can also then get that data
attribute without the group or
the peer as well.
It's just a raw one.
So if it has this data,
you would then do this thing as well.
So you've got a lot of options there
too that you can kind of come up
with interesting use cases for,
which I think is super cool.